hello and welcome to another review
video and today we are going to be
reviewing one of the premium aircraft in
world war dreams and this is one of the
American premium aircraft and it is the
XFL one
so I bought one of these just to see
what the Primera cross was like and what
can I say about it
this in a hole is okay if you're the top
level so like the game is now I mean
I've got the top tier aircraft but if
you're stuck with the tier above it
doesn't perform as well just people
because of how good the other aircraft
are against you
so what this aircraft has it has a 137
millimeter cannon and that's located it
has two 7.62 King cause it's destroyed
now fire the one plus about this
aircraft is the fact that he's got the
one point enemy damage it's got the 37mm
Caliphate and this is
it heats up pretty quickly we won't
write far on is pretty crap but if one
of these bullets lands on your own craft
specialist a fighter like their what I'm
going be I think is it could take my
I've got off his healthy here very
quickly it's just with one bullet so you
know game right this is pretty good for
my with it's slightly slower than the
other aircraft I think it doesn't
really
time to speed the weapons have
overheated after it's very maneuverable
you could fly around there and he won't
have any issues see
some trees accidentally because it does
was great to do
but the kind of arm will new health you
get isn't very good you can see I'm
trying to go against a bomber there and
it was starting to take away my health
pretty quickly so due to that you have
been quite careful when you're flying
this airplane
I'm shooting at you so it's best not to
taking bombers and only fighters and
it's better to get one that's how rather
than taking the head first so with other
aircraft like the peplum IG you can take
one aircraft on this you can't do that
you can see hit the BF 109e here big
breasts I just use don't take Scouts car
ain't going to make that so it's always
when you can get one of them on target
it's pretty airplane and say it's quite
maneuverable and
so yeah in this little mid-engined white
apply the sole when the actually makes
the difference the game how it works I'm
not too sure climb rate is quite good
I've had better
doctors only got three machine guns be
that good as suppose it's better to have
four when he gets up with five so I
don't know I don't really like flying
this one as much the maneuverability as
good as I said but for overall we're
craft and when I said it would be worth
money he has kind of three big problems
just get away across the galaxy is did
you forget
Jenny better eyedrops I mean where that
plus is brilliant I just
so yeah that's become a bit really
the weapons have overheated see that
place this was a doubtless
sorry
yeah they've been pretty much to say
about this aircraft
last SK drawings
if you get here too quickly
it's up to you really that's what I
think the aircraft anyway as you can see
you get quite a lot of points if you win
the game with this because it's a
premium aircraft but I just think you
risk dime quite quickly unless you're
able to deal with maneuvering around as
you can see I'm going around the
aircraft now just to give you a good
view of it so that's it for this video
and if you enjoyed or liked the video
then please thumbs it up and please
subscribe because i'll be uploading a
review video of all the World of
Warplanes aircraft maybe once or twice a
week haven't really decided yet it's
just whenever I can do it but at least
once a week so yeah that's me Kay fro so
djibouti and I'll see you in the next
video
you